### Routing
Suppose I had a baseball app, and in `config/routes.rb` I had the line
```ruby
get 'teams/:team_name/position/:position' => 'positions#show'
```
* Where in the app folder would I find code that would handle a request to `/teams/Phillies/position/catcher`?
  * app/controllers/positions_controller.rb, in the #show method 
* Inside that code, how would I be able to reference `Phillies` and `catcher`?
  * params[:team_name] and params[:position] 
* Where would I expect to find a template associated with that request?
  * app/views/positions/show.html.erb 

### Migrations

In setting up my baseball app, I'd like to have information about each team - name, city, major_league (so I can tell the majors from the minors), founding_year. 
* How can I get the database set up to hold that information?
  * $ rake db:create (if you hadn't already) 
  * $ rails generate model Team name:string city:string major_league:boolean founding_year:integer 
  * $ rake db:migrate
* How could I get the Yankees (established 1903) into the db?
  * $ rails console
  * rails_c> Team.create(name: "Yankees", city: "New York", major_league: true, founding_year: 1903)

### Method Chain of the Day
```ruby
"This is Sparta!".split(' ').join('! ').upcase
```
* What class is the receiver of the first method call, `#split`? String
* List the class of the object returned by each of those three method calls. Array, String, String
* Write the methods in a different order so the whole line of code still works. 
  * "This is Sparta!".upcase.split(' ').join('! ') 
* Write the methods in a different order so the line breaks.
  * "This is Sparta!".join('! ').upcase.split
  * "This is Sparta!".upcase.join('! ').split
  * "This is Sparta!".split(' ').each{|word| word.upcase}.join('! ') #=> "This! is! Sparta!"
